[ESIMD] Disable non-critical messages from VC backend (disable-finalizer-msg) (#4918)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/EnvironmentVariables.md

| `SYCL_CACHE_MIN_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE` | Positive integer | Minimum size of device code image in bytes which is reasonable to cache on disk because disk access operation may take more time than do JIT compilation for it. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |
| `SYCL_CACHE_MAX_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE` | Positive integer | Maximum size of device image in bytes which is cached. Too big kernels may overload disk too fast. Default value is 1 GB. |
| `SYCL_ENABLE_DEFAULT_CONTEXTS` | '1' or '0' | Enable ('1') or disable ('0') creation of default platform contexts in SYCL runtime. The default context for each platform contains all devices in the platform. Refer to [Platform Default Contexts](extensions/PlatformContext/PlatformContext.adoc) extension to learn more. Enabled by default on Linux and disabled on Windows. |

> | `SYCL_RT_WARNING_LEVEL` | Positive integer | The bigger warning level is used the more warnings and performance hints RT may print. Default value is '0', which means no warning/hint messages from RT are allowed. The value '1' enables performance warnings from device RT/codegen. The values greater than 1 are reserved for future use. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SYCL_RT_WARNING_LEVEL` | Positive integer | The higher warning level is used the more warnings and performance hints the runtime library may print. Default value is '0', which means no warning/hint messages from the runtime library are allowed. The value '1' enables performance warnings from device runtime/codegen. The values greater than 1 are reserved for future use. |
```
